OSDOCS-1296: Release notes for pod topology spread constraints (#26477)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-6-release-notes.adoc

See xref:../nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-audit-config.adoc#nodes-nodes-audit-config[Configuring the node audit log policy] for more information.

[id="ocp-4-6-nodes-pod-topology-spread-constraints"]
==== Configure pod topology spread constraints

> You can now configure pod topology spread constraints for more fine-grained control the placement of your pods across nodes, zones, regions, or other user-defined topology domains. This helps you improve high availability and resource utilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now configure pod topology spread constraints for more fine-grained control the placement of your pods across nodes, zones, regions, or other user-defined topology domains. This configuration can help you improve high availability and resource use.
```
